Your app version was rejected and no other items submitted can be accepted or approved. You can make edits to your app version below.

Items Submitted (1)
You can review and make edits to your items below, or communicate with Apple. Accepted items won't be available for release until all items with issues are resubmitted and accepted. You can also remove those items and resubmit them later.
Item
Type
Review Status
Action
iOS App 1.3.0

1.3.0 (4)

App Version
Rejected
3.1.2 Business: Payments - Subscriptions

Edit

Messages (1)

AppleToday 2:54 PM
Hello, 

Thank you for submitting an update to the app, Decoded Faith Empire, for review. We noticed some issues that require your attention. Please see below for additional information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Bug Fix Submissions

The issues we've identified below are eligible to be resolved on your next update. If this submission includes bug fixes and you'd like to have it approved at this time, reply to this message and let us know. You do not need to resubmit your app for us to proceed.

Alternatively, if you'd like to resolve these issues now, please review the details, make the appropriate changes, and resubmit.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 39a6083d-e92a-4359-a6f4-56f52db4d0b4
Review date: March 02, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.2.0 (3)


Guideline 3.1.2 - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.

Next Steps

Update the App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the in-app purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.

Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
